double
this might be common sense to some
people what I'm just going to say it
anyway the best position for you to be
in is like right on top of the little
sister just so you can watch it from
both sides and make sure no one sneaks
up on her if I even be safer to be
behind her but sometimes these places
with the guns cannot get some shots on
her so I like to stay in front and kind
of take the aborts and defend against
the splicer that way church should help
out a little bit and I'll comment a
little bit more later on but other than
that be straightforward and enjoy
hey
don't be this is kind of a choice I mean
you guys can set up traps however you
like use proximity mines travels stuff
like that all I just use a couple
travels because we filter it and the
camera BOTS it's not very difficult to
us than to get these guys just stay on
top a little sister and make sure she's
safe you shouldn't have too much of a
problem with his wave of tweezers
cuddles